# csci-152-project-1

python application.py FCFS Random MultiCore Console --speed 10 --cores 4

The four bolded arguments are required and provide the class name for each of the following processes. They are provided IN ORDER:
  - Scheduler
  - Producer
  - Consumer
  - Display


The accepted values for each can be determined from the help generated by simply running "python application.py" with no further arguments. By each should be a list of accepted values.

There are also optional arguments that can be provided, (however some may be required when using certain classes above)
They may be passed with their prefixed hyphenated name followed by a space and then the value. (Ex. --speed 10)
- --jobsFile: The relative path (from the current working directory) to the csv file of jobs required by the CSVFile producer. Each row of the csv will have only two values: the delay time before it is sent to the scheduler, and the time it takes to complete
- --jobsCount: the number of jobs the Random producer will make. Default is 50
- --jobMinTime: the minimum execution time for a job generated by the Random producer. Default is 0.1 seconds
- --jobMaxTime: the maximum execution time for a job generated by the Random producer. Default is 10 seconds
- --cores: the number of cores provided to the MultiCore consumer. Default is 4
- --speed: A time dilation effect. 0.5 would halve time and 2 would double it. Default is 1
- --logFile: the relative path and name (from the current working directory) to the file to be written by the LogFile displayer. Required if using it.
